Ugly princess, you are guilty
Conviction
Where does sin come from?
poor medical skills
But Qiangzi debuted
What a poor doctor
Compared to you
The imperial doctors in his hospital couldn't make Gu get better
Not all quacks
This is a confirmation of my medical skills
Then everything is easy to talk about
Stop kneeling
Come and sit down
Tell me if Goode is dead or alive
How long will you live?
I can't jump to conclusions yet.
Please allow me to do an examination for you.
Ouch, what the hell is this?
Crying
Come to the emperor, listen
Crying heartbeat
That doesn't sound very healthy.
So Yama won't accept you for the time being
Great altar
Forget it, don't be surprised
Since you said it can be cured
Auntie, do whatever else you can
This is first aid medicine
If you feel uncomfortable in your chest in the future
Just take one.
This is the medicine I want to take now.
Just take it with water.
I'm going to pour water
I didn't mean it.
Princess Huang's grandfather doesn't like long hats
The princess is at the market
Better to be steady
Thanks.